by mistaking your passive being ready
for a sign from God to commit suicide
oh please you call that committing
suicide this is how you kill yourself by
showing your enemy you can out retard
them any day anytime anyplace I decided
I don't need to recall I've got life
steel and there's a pack of minions
headed my way
but I forgetting that when you lose more
help than you gain you're boned
[Music]
by retardedly power diving then burning
flash and he'll to try to outrun death
by being so proud of your easy kill that
you charge into the unknown for some but
raping
[Music]
we're getting raped up screen while
writing down the time of that old shot
which he thought was kick-ass but later
you'd realize you were aiming for Zed
and while it drilled in Italy and nearly
killed Zed via Splash Damage it didn't
kill Zed via Splash Damage because he
missed by so much and now you're dead
what happens if jinx fires a rocket with
fish bones and it misses it's an auto
attack it doesn't miss Oh are they
heat-seeking or radar locking IO jinx
the loose cannon loose like she puts out
I am going to wear that ass out
where'd she keep her extra ammunition it
out already
that's what she said and until that
bitch you will swallow if you damn well
please Tim right wait wouldn't the
shrapnel from her Rockets be dangerous
to her Ally